---
layout: post
title:  "2 arrested on drug charges in Connecticut"
description: Two men were arrested on May 22 after an alleged drug deal was observed in a Connecticut parking lot. A 32-year-old man was charged with selling heroin and possession of heroin, while the 53-year-old man allegedly buying the drugs was charged with possession of heroin. According to police, the investigation was sparked after authorities received a tip that drugs were being sold out of a house in Wallingford.
date:   2014-06-13
categories: [Criminal Defense] 
tags: [criminal-charge, penalties]
---

<p>Two men were arrested on May 22 after an alleged drug deal was observed in a Connecticut parking lot. A 32-year-old man was charged with selling heroin and possession of heroin, while the 53-year-old man allegedly buying the drugs was charged with possession of heroin. According to police, the investigation was sparked after authorities received a tip that drugs were being sold out of a house in Wallingford.</p><p>According to a press release, cash and 20 bags of heroin were found at the scene of the arrest. When authorities later searched the 32-year-old's home, they reportedly found another 30 bags of the drug. The 53-year-old charged with possession was apparently a guidance counselor at a Connecticut magnet high school. On May 27, however, the school reported that the man was no longer working there.</p> <p>The defendant was apparently employed at Pathways Academy Technology and Design, which is in the Hartford School District. The school has been ranked the best magnet high school in the country. Some parents told reporters that they had believed that the 53-year-old was using drugs, but that no action was taken.</p><p>The former guidance counselor was released after the arrest on a promise to appear, and the next court appearance was scheduled for June 5. In the state of Connecticut, drug crime convictions can carry serious penalties. In cases like this where the defendant works in an industry dealing with children, a conviction can derail a career. The more defendants know about the legal process and the <a href="/Criminal-Defense/Criminal-Defense.html">criminal charges</a> against them, the better prepared they will be to ensure that their rights are being protected.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>WFSB, "<a href="http://www.wfsb.com/story/25622468/magnet-school-guidance-counselor-arrested-on-heroin-charges" target="_blank">Magnet school guidance counselor arrested on heroin charges</a>" Courtney Zieller and Kaitlyn Naples, May. 27, 2014 </p>