---
layout: post
title:  "What are the laws governing drunk driving in Connecticut?"
description: If you have been arrested and face a DUI charge in Connecticut, you will want to know what kinds of rules and regulations apply to you and your case. By familiarizing yourself with the law, you can figure out where you stand in your case, and you can better avoid more DUI charges in the future.
date:  2014-12-18 
categories: [Drunk Driving] 
tags: [DUI-charge, conviction, fines, legal-limit, license-suspension, penalties]
---


<p>If you have been arrested and face a DUI charge in Connecticut, you will want to know what kinds of rules and regulations apply to you and your case. By familiarizing yourself with the law, you can figure out where you stand in your case, and you can better avoid more DUI charges in the future.</p><p>First, it is important to know what the legal limit relating to blood alcohol levels is in Connecticut. If you are under the age of 21, then you can be arrested and charged with DUI if your blood alcohol level is only .02 percent. If you are 21 and up, then you can be arrested for DUI if your blood alcohol level is .08 percent and up. As for commercial drivers, their blood alcohol level limit is .04 percent.</p> <p>In terms of punishments, a DUI conviction for a first offense will result in two to six months in jail time and between $500 and $1,000 in financial penalties. A first offense can also lead to a one-year license suspension. A conviction for a second offense can lead to anywhere from 120 days to two years in jail, a one-year <a href="/DUI-DWI/DUI-DWI.html" >license suspension</a> and between $1,000 and $4,000 in financial penalties. The punishments for a third offense conviction are even worse. These individuals could face one to three years in jail, $2,000 to $8,000 in financial penalties and a permanent license suspension.</p><p>As you can see, laws and penalties relating to a DUI charge conviction are strict in Connecticut; therefore, if you have been accused of such offenses, you may want to consider asserting the best criminal defense possible in court. Fortunately, everyone accused of a crime – no matter how serious the alleged crime happens to be -- will be entitled to a criminal defense. Also, no one will be punished for an alleged crime until, and only if, he or she is found guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of proper jurisdiction.</p><p><b>Source:</b> cga.ct.gov, "<a href="http://www.cga.ct.gov/2014/rpt/pdf/2014-R-0251.pdf" target="_blank">Connecticut Drunk Driving Fines &amp; Penalties</a>" Dec. 18, 2014</p>