---
layout: post
title:  "19-year-old arrested on drug charges in Bridgeport"
description: A 19-year-old Connecticut man was arrested on drug charges after officers searched his home on June 20. According to reports, a SWAT team went in and raided the house in Bridgeport as part of a gang investigation before it was searched. Officers with the Statewide Urban Violence Cooperative Crime Control Task Force allegedly found two BB guns, six handguns and a total of 77 packets of heroin inside the residence. The investigation into the man had apparently been sparked after a gang was thought to be responsible for several shootings in the local area.
date:   2014-07-11
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug-charges, arrest, defense, search-warrant]
---


<p>A 19-year-old Connecticut man was arrested on drug charges after officers searched his home on June 20. According to reports, a SWAT team went in and raided the house in Bridgeport as part of a gang investigation before it was searched. Officers with the Statewide Urban Violence Cooperative Crime Control Task Force allegedly found two BB guns, six handguns and a total of 77 packets of heroin inside the residence. The investigation into the man had apparently been sparked after a gang was thought to be responsible for several shootings in the local area.</p><p>The official charges against the man are illegal transfer of a firearm, possession of narcotics with intent to sell and risk of injury to a minor. The latter stems from the fact that there were apparently five young children in the home. The 19-year-old's bond was set at $250,000.</p><p>In situations where <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">drug </a></p> <p>charges stem from an investigation into organized criminal activity, such as a gang, the criminal defense strategy becomes even more important. Things that may factor into cases such as this one include whether the authorities had enough evidence to obtain a warrant, whether any search warrant present was executed properly and whether there were any other individuals inside the home at the time of the raid and search.</p><p>Because charges related to organized crime and drugs are often aggressively prosecuted by authorities, it makes it all the more critical that defendants understand the court process, the charges against them and all of their defense options. Discussing the case with someone familiar with the agencies involved and the criminal trial process can help.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>Daily Journal, "<a href="http://www.dailyjournal.net/view/story/0452b596c7bc4e7397be1bd3ed07af43/CT--Bridgeport-Gang-Arrest/#.U7HmqvldV5k" target="_blank">Bridgeport teen arrested on weapons, drug charges stemming from crackdown on violent gang</a>," June 21, 2014&nbsp;</p>