---
layout: post
title:  "3 students accused of selling pot brownies on school grounds"
description: Three teenage students from a Connecticut school were taken into police custody on March 18 and charged with drug crimes. According to the report, the students, ages 14, 15 and 16, who attended New Milford High School, were accused of selling brownies that contained marijuana on school properties.
date:   2014-03-31
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug-Charges]
---

<p>Three teenage students from a Connecticut school were taken into police custody on March 18 and charged with drug crimes. According to the report, the students, ages 14, 15 and 16, who attended New Milford High School, were accused of selling brownies that contained marijuana on school properties. </p><p>A police officer assigned to the school conducted an investigation after school administrators heard that a student was in possession of pot brownies and was attempting to sell them on school grounds. The police believe that one student sold the brownies to another student. It was this second student who brought the brownies onto school grounds and sold them to a third person. The third person was reportedly attempting to sell them to students. In addition to the marijuana brownies, the third student was also allegedly in possession of prescription pills. He told the officials that he was planning on selling the pills to other students as well. </p> <p>All three students were charged with illegal possession of a controlled substance, dispensing a narcotic, conspiracy to commit sale of a narcotic and illegal sale of a controlled substance. All three students were released into the custody of their parents, and they were scheduled to appear in juvenile court on March 31. Additionally, the students may face expulsion from their school for violating school policy. </p><p>A conviction on a <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">drug charge</a> could result in a prison sentence and hefty fines. An attorney may assist clients in seeking penalties that are less severe, especially if this is the person's first offense. For example, the attorney may negotiate with the prosecution in order to get a client into a rehabilitation program or probation in lieu of a jail sentence. </p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>CT Post, "<a href="http://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Students-arrested-in-marijuana-brownies-charge-5356165.php" target="_blank">Students arrested in marijuana brownies charge</a>", Susan Tuz, March 28, 2014</p>
