---
layout: post
title:  "2 arrested on drug charges after traffic stop"
description: Any time someone is charged with a drug crime, the possible penalties are severe, and it is crucial to treat the situation seriously. Defendants may have several different defense options depending on whether the charge was for possession or possession with intent to sell and whether or not it was a first offense. The first step to defending against a drug charge is to be fully informed on how Connecticut law applies to the individual's situation.
date:  2014-10-03 
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug charges, arrest, defense, drug possession, possession of drug paraphernalia, search and seizure, traffic stop]
---


 <p>Any time someone is charged with a drug crime, the possible penalties are severe, and it is crucial to treat the situation seriously. Defendants may have several different defense options depending on whether the charge was for possession or possession with intent to sell and whether or not it was a first offense. The first step to defending against a drug charge is to be fully informed on how Connecticut law applies to the individual's situation.</p><p>Deputies with the Davidson Country Sheriff's Office Interstate Criminal Enforcement Unit arrested two Connecticut men on drug charges after a routine traffic stop on Sept. 19. According to reports, the two 37-year-old Hartford men were pulled over on Interstate 85 after deputies noticed the vehicle's tinted windows.</p> <p>The two men reportedly gave deputies their consent to search the vehicle. During the search, the deputies apparently found eight bags of the drug MDMA, a form of ecstasy also known as "Molly," and digital scales. The two men were both charged possession of drug paraphernalia and possession with intent to sell and deliver a schedule I controlled substance. According to reports, one of the men was on probation related to another <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html" >drug charge</a> at the time of the arrest.</p><p>United States residents have rights against illegal search and seizure and in most cases, an officer cannot search a vehicle without the person's consent. Any evidence that is obtained in a manner that violates the defendant's rights may be able to be thrown out and declared unusable in a trial. In cases involving drug possession, if the evidence found cannot be used in court, the case is often dismissed.</p><p><b>Source:</b> News &amp; Record, "<a href="http://www.news-record.com/news/crime/two-connecticut-men-arrested-on-drug-charges-in-davidson-county/article_5d6bd46e-435c-11e4-927d-0017a43b2370.html" target="_blank">Two Connecticut men arrested on drug charges in Davidson County</a>" Sep. 23, 2014</p>