---
layout: post
title:  "Law enforcement operation charges man for drug trafficking"
description: Two Connecticut men have been charged with serious drug offenses as a result of a year-long law enforcement operation. Both men have been sentenced to multiple years in prison as a result.
date:   2014-04-24
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug charges, arrest, drug distribution, drug offenses, search warrant]
---


<p>Two Connecticut men have been charged with serious drug offenses as a result of a year-long law enforcement operation. Both men have been sentenced to multiple years in prison as a result. </p><p>The Drug Enforcement Agency's task force in New Haven launched Operation Bloodline in conjunction with the Hamden and New Haven Police Departments. The operation targeted the Dwight-Kensington and Fair Haven portions of New Haven, seeking those involved in gang violence and drug distribution. The investigation used wiretaps, surveillance and search warrants to gather evidence. In May 2012, over a hundred people were arrested as part of the operation. This resulted in the largest seizure of drugs and weapons in Connecticut history. </p> <p>One of the individuals detained in Operation Bloodline was a 28-year-old New Haven man. Drug charges were filed against him, both for conspiracy to possess heroin and conspiracy to distribute more than 100 grams of said heroin. He has now been sentenced to five years in prison for the crimes as well as four years of supervision post-release. A press release notes that the man has had prior convictions, including a guilty plea for stealing a firearm in 2004. The man's brother was also charged in the investigation and, in March, given a sentence of four years in prison. </p><p>The consequences that come with a failure to defend against drug charges cannot be overstated. The charges could result in severe fines or time in prison. This can make it difficult to find work and earn an income in the future. An attorney may be able to help defend against the <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">drug charges</a> by challenging evidence. An attorney could also attempt to negotiate for a plea bargain that could result in reduced sentencing. </p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>New Haven Register, "<a href="http://www.nhregister.com/general-news/20140416/new-haven-man-sentenced-to-5-years-in-prison-for-heroin-trafficking" target="_blank">New Haven man sentenced to 5 years in prison for heroin trafficking</a>", April 16, 2014</p>