---
layout: post
title:  "Were you charged with domestic violence over the holidays?"
description: Did you know that the holidays are a time when numerous domestic violence complaints take place? The problem is that relatives who have not seen each other in some time tend to get together during Christmas and over New Year's Eve and this -- in some families -- can be a recipe for disaster.
date:  2014-12-26 
categories: [Domestic Violence] 
tags: [allegations, arrest, criminal-charges, defense, domestic-violence-charges]
---


<p>Did you know that the holidays are a time when numerous domestic violence complaints take place? The problem is that relatives who have not seen each other in some time tend to get together during Christmas and over New Year's Eve and this -- in some families -- can be a recipe for disaster.</p><p>One negative comment, or just an innocent comment, can escalate into a full-fledged fight in no time. At Paoletti and Gusmano, we know a lot about domestic violence charges because we have handled the defense of countless Connecticut residents who have faced such charges in court. We also know that it is not uncommon for a perfectly innocent person to be arrested and accused of domestic violence.</p> <p>If you and your loved one got into a fight over the holidays and it culminated into a call to the police, you too may be facing charges of domestic violence. It is important that you speak with a criminal defense attorney regarding the nature of your charges, what the potential punishments could be and how you might want to go about defending yourself against the allegations.</p><p>In some cases, an individual can succeed in getting his or her domestic violence charges dropped or dismissed before it is necessary to appear for trial proceedings. In other cases -- where it may be impossible to get the charges dismissed and the case is likely to end in conviction -- accused individuals may seek to negotiate a plea bargain agreement with the prosecution. Plea bargaining usually involves pleading guilty to one or more criminal charges in exchange for a <a href="/Domestic-Violence/Domestic-Violence.html" >reduction in punishment</a>.</p><p>Fortunately for the accused, no Connecticut resident will ever be punished for a domestic violence crime until -- and only if -- the individual is found guilty in a court of law. At Paoletti and Gusmano, we are committed to the defense of individuals accused of crimes, and we are committed to the protection and defense of accused individuals' rights and privileges under the law.</p>