---
layout: post
title:  "43-year-old arrested for domestic violence, 3 other cases pending"
description: Because domestic incidents involve conflict between people who are in a close relationship -- whether they are family, roommates or romantically involved -- it is easy for tempers to flare and a situation to get out of control quickly.
date:  2014-11-05 
categories: [Domestic Violence] 
tags: [arrest, domestic-violence-charges]
---


<p>Because domestic incidents involve conflict between people who are in a close relationship -- whether they are family, roommates or romantically involved -- it is easy for tempers to flare and a situation to get out of control quickly.</p><p>A 61-year-old Connecticut man was arrested in relation to an alleged domestic violence incident that occurred on Oct. 28. According to reports, police responded to a Norwich residence shortly after the 9:45 a.m. call. Responding officers apparently noted visible injuries to the 43-year-old woman involved. It was not clear what the relationship was between the man and woman, but according to police, the man had three other domestic violence cases pending.</p> <p>The man was not at the house when the police arrived but was arrested approximately two hours later when he was found driving back to the residence. The 43-year-old was arrested and charged with criminal violation of a restraining order, intimidating a witness, disorderly conduct, third-degree assault, third-degree strangulation, third-degree burglary and second-degree unlawful restraint. Bond was set at $100,000, and the man was arraigned on Oct. 30.</p><p>When a disagreement escalates, a person may have more than just domestic violence charges to deal with. Assault, unlawful restraint and resisting arrest are common charges in these types of incidents, and a history of domestic violence arrests or convictions can make the situation even more complicated.</p><p>While there may be options such as a plea bargain or an alternative program like <a href="/Domestic-Violence/Domestic-Violence.html" >anger management</a> counseling, these are never guaranteed. Defendants should ensure they are thoroughly prepared for the criminal court process by gathering as much information as possible on how Connecticut laws apply to their cases.</p><p><b>Source:</b> WFSB, "<a href="http://www.wfsb.com/story/27155768/pd-man-arrested-for-domestic-violence-assault-in-norwich" target="_blank">PD: Man arrested for domestic violence assault in Norwich</a>" Joseph Wenzel IV, Oct. 29, 2014</p>