---
layout: post
title:  "Driver from out-of-state faces reckless driving and DUI charge"
description: Drunk driving allegations are serious, but sometimes they are not the only thing that a driver gets accused of during a traffic stop. Indeed, a DUI charge might be combined with a speeding citation, a reckless driving violation or -- in more grave cases where a fatal traffic accident is involved -- manslaughter. For this reason, a DUI defense is not always just about drunk driving. Sometimes, individuals have to defend themselves against other charges too.
date:  2014-11-28 
categories: [Drunk Driving] 
tags: [DUI-charge, accident]
---


<p>Drunk driving allegations are serious, but sometimes they are not the only thing that a driver gets accused of during a traffic stop. Indeed, a DUI charge might be combined with a speeding citation, a reckless driving violation or -- in more grave cases where a fatal traffic accident is involved -- manslaughter. For this reason, a DUI defense is not always just about drunk driving. Sometimes, individuals have to defend themselves against other charges too.</p><p>Recently, a man from out of state was arrested on DUI charges, but he was also charged with speeding. According to police, he was not just going a few miles over the speed limit either. An officer allegedly clocked him at 122 mph.</p> <p>The 39-year-old man who hails from Shrewsbury, Massachusetts, was charged with diving under the influence in addition to <a href="/DUI-DWI/DUI-DWI.html" >reckless driving</a>. He was arrested and booked in jail, but later released after he posted bond of $500. According to police, the man sped by a state trooper who was engaged in a speed enforcement operation along Interstate 395. First, troopers clocked him at 95 mph. However, by the time he passed another trooper near exit 92, he was allegedly travelling at 122 mph.</p><p>When accused of a crime -- no matter how small or serious the crime happens to be -- Connecticut residents may be able to benefit from a strategically organized criminal defense. Even if it seems unlikely that the accused person will be able to get his or her charges dropped, or even if it is unlikely that a not-guilty verdict can be achieved, the accused person may be able to better his or her legal situation in other ways. For example, someone with a DUI charge and an assault charge, might be able to plead guilty to the DUI allegation, in order to get the assault charge dropped and thereby obtain a less severe punishment.</p><p><b>Source:</b> middletownpress.com, "<a href="http://www.middletownpress.com/general-news/20141124/connecticut-state-police-drunk-driver-clocked-at-122-mph" target="_blank">Connecticut State Police: Drunk driver clocked at 122 mph</a>" Nov. 24, 2014</p>