---
layout: post
title:  "Pair allegedly stole valuables at real estate open house"
description: Two Connecticut women have been taken into custody in connection with a string of thefts that took place during real estate open houses in Fairfield, Guilford, Glastonbury and Southington. Police say the two females attended an open house on Jan. 13, 2013, in Southington on the pretense that they were a mother and daughter who were interested in purchasing the residence. The homeowners later discovered that $6,620 worth of jewelry was missing from their home. Police allege that the pair pawned the jewelry throughout the state.
date:   2014-04-17
categories: [Criminal Defense] 
tags: [Criminal defense, criminal charge, defense, penalties]
---

<p>Two Connecticut women have been taken into custody in connection with a string of thefts that took place during real estate open houses in Fairfield, Guilford, Glastonbury and Southington. Police say the two females attended an open house on Jan. 13, 2013, in Southington on the pretense that they were a mother and daughter who were interested in purchasing the residence. The homeowners later discovered that $6,620 worth of jewelry was missing from their home. Police allege that the pair pawned the jewelry throughout the state. </p><p>According to police, one of the two women turned herself in to police after she learned that she had a warrant. She was taken into police custody on March 27 on <a href="/Criminal-Defense/Criminal-Defense.html">criminal charges</a> and was released the following day on a promise to make a court appearance on April 25. The second woman was also taken into custody and later released on a promise to appear. Both were charged with conspiracy to commit larceny in the third degree, larceny in the third degree, conspiracy to commit burglary in the third degree and third-degree burglary. </p> <p>The penalties for convicted third-degree larceny may include expensive fines, a long prison sentence, community service and other penalties. A criminal defense lawyer may help to mitigate the severity of larceny or burglary charges. </p><p>The first thing a lawyer may look at is the state's evidence in the case. Through a process known as discovery, both sides are required to share evidence in order to prepare their case. If the state's evidence is strong, the lawyer may suggest working out a plea deal as opposed to going to trial. </p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>NBC Connecticut, "<a href="http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Suspected-Open-House-Bandits-Arrested-Again-254911321.html" target="_blank" >Suspected “Open House Bandits” Arrested Again</a>", April 11, 2014</p>