---
layout: post
title:  "Connecticut woman to be charged for murder"
description: Connecticut police were thought to be charging a 27-year-old woman with murder after the body of a 41-year-old man from Deep River was found in Branford July 3. According to reports, the Middletown woman was held on bond after being interviewed in the investigation. Authorities report that the charges she was currently being held on were not related to the alleged murder and included a probation violation
date:   2014-07-18
categories: [Violent Crimes] 
tags: [Violent Crimes]
---


<p>Connecticut police were thought to be charging a 27-year-old woman with murder after the body of a 41-year-old man from Deep River was found in Branford July 3. According to reports, the Middletown woman was held on bond after being interviewed in the investigation. Authorities report that the charges she was currently being held on were not related to the alleged <a href="/Violent-Crimes/Violent-Crimes.html">murder</a> and included a probation violation.</p><p>According to reports, the 41-year-old man's body was found inside the Branford Motel, but it was not clear who originally found the body and notified authorities. The man had reportedly suffered a severe injury to his neck, and the cause of death was determined to be homicide.</p> <p>During the course of the investigation, officers were led to a business by unidentified evidence found at the hotel. At the business, located in close proximity to the hotel, there was video evidence of the man and 27-year-old woman together in the hours prior to his death. On July 7, authorities said that the woman would be arrested shortly on charges of larceny and murder. No proposed motive or additional information was released.</p><p>Allegations of crimes are often reported in the media before the investigation is finalized or any persons charged. Because of this, defendants or even persons of interest in a criminal investigation may find themselves facing pressures and stigma from the community. All individuals are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. Those who are facing such charges or are at the center of an investigation can get a clearer understanding of the situations and options by speaking with an attorney experienced in criminal law.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>CBS Connecticut, "<a href="http://connecticut.cbslocal.com/2014/07/07/woman-facing-charges-in-mans-branford-death/" target="_blank">Woman Facing Charges In Man&rsquo;s Branford Death</a>" Jul. 07, 2014 </p>