---
layout: post
title:  "Man charged with murder of girlfriend"
description: The authorities reported that a Connecticut man was charged with murder after allegedly killing his 28-year-old girlfriend on March 22. According to the report, the man then allegedly attempted to overdose on pills.
date:   2014-03-28
categories: [Violent Crimes] 
tags: [Violent-Crimes]
---

<p>The authorities reported that a Connecticut man was charged with murder after allegedly killing his 28-year-old girlfriend on March 22. According to the report, the man then allegedly attempted to overdose on pills. </p><p>The alleged attack reportedly occurred at the 37-year-old man's mother's apartment while she was out of the state. The authorities stated that they were contacted by the man's sister after she was unable to get in touch with him. When the authorities responded to the scene, they found the man unconscious inside the apartment and his girlfriend dead at the scene. </p> <p>The accused was transported to Bridgeport Hospital, where he reportedly remained unconscious at the time the report was released. Because of this, the police had been unable to interview the man to get his side of the story. However, the police reported that they planned to file charges related to murder against the man, who already has a criminal history. </p><p>Those who are accused of a <a href="/Violent-Crimes/Violent-Crimes.html">violent crime</a> are facing serious consequences if they are convicted on associated charges. For example, they may face an extensive jail sentence, probation and fines. </p><p>Even if someone is facing serious charges, an attorney may still be able to help provide a strong defense. For example, they may be able to fight the charges if the events that the prosecution is alleging took place are not fully corroborated by the evidence. If the evidence against the defendant is strong, the attorney may be able to negotiate with the prosecution in order to reduce the severity of any potential consequences. For example, a sentence bargain may permit the defendant to plead guilty in exchange for a shortened jail sentence. </p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>News 12, "<a href="http://connecticut.news12.com/news/police-bridgeport-man-alejandro-velez-fatally-stabbed-girlfriend-tinese-benson-before-trying-to-kill-himself-1.7483478" target="_blank" >Police: Bridgeport man Alejandro Velez fatally stabbed girlfriend Tinese Benson before trying to kill himself</a>", March 24, 2014</p>