---
layout: post
title:  "Man faces multiple drug and firearm charges"
description: A 33-year-old Connecticut man was taken into custody after police officers executed a search warrant on his apartment on Mar. 14. According to the report, the authorities discovered a firearm and evidence of drug distribution within the apartment.
date:   2014-03-17
categories: [Drug charges] 
tags: [Drug charges, drug distribution, drug trafficking, intent to distribute, search and seizure, search warrant]
---


<p>A 33-year-old Connecticut man was taken into custody after police officers executed a search warrant on his apartment on Mar. 14. According to the report, the authorities discovered a firearm and evidence of drug distribution within the apartment. </p><p>The apartment was reportedly located at 129 South Street. At approximately 4 p.m., the authorities entered the second floor apartment and conducted a search and seizure. They allegedly discovered a Ruger .380 pistol with a serial number that could not be read, approximately 81 grams of crack cocaine and 247 grams of cocaine in the man's pants. They also allegedly found a shoulder holster, ammunition for the firearm and mixers and cutting agents that the authorities alleged were being used for drug trafficking activities. </p> <p>The man was ultimately charged with possession of a firearm, an unreadable serial number, possession of narcotics and intent to distribute narcotics, among other criminal offenses. The report stated that the man had a record with 31 prior incidents and was a convicted felon. He was reportedly being held in police custody on $800,000 bond. </p><p>Convictions on <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">drug charges</a> can have severe consequences, including a prison sentence, hefty penalties and a long probation. In addition, the conviction also goes on the person's criminal record, which means that it may be more difficult for the person to seek appropriate employment after the fact. </p><p>An attorney may be able to help someone who was charged with drug-related offenses. If the police did not have probable cause for searching the person's residence, the attorney may be able to fight the charges or convince the court to dismiss the charges. If a conviction seems to be likely, however, the attorney may be able to negotiate a plea bargain with the prosecution that drops some of the charges and reduces the potential severity of the punishments. </p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>FOX, "<a href="http://foxct.com/2014/03/10/hartford-police-seize-gun-ammo-and-drugs/" target="_blank">Hartford Police Seize Gun, Ammo And Drugs</a>", Hilda Muñoz, March 10, 2014</p>