---
layout: post
title:  "Drug charges: What you need to know"
description: Many states are prosecuting drug crimes with increasing aggressiveness, and Connecticut is no different. Depending on the amount of the substance and the substance itself, drug convictions can come with serious penalties, including significant prison time. Understanding what your charges mean and the possible penalties is crucial to understanding your criminal defense options
date:   2014-09-12
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [defense, drug-distribution, drug-offenses, drug-possession, drug-trafficking, search-and-seizure]
---


<p>When you find out you are being charged with a crime, it is normal to immediately begin thinking about what will happen at the trial and what the eventual outcome will be. It is important, however, to take each step in the criminal court process as it comes, and try to stay focused on the task at hand instead of what will happen later on.</p><p>Many defendants may not know about the pretrial conference step or even understand what it is, but this is an important part of determining your <a href="/Criminal-Defense/What-to-Do-if-You-Are-Arrested.html">criminal defense</a> strategy, and what is decided here can have a major impact on the case as whole. Basically, the pretrial conference happens after the arraignment if you decide to plead not guilty to the charge and the case proceeds to trial. During the pretrial conference, you will discuss the details of your case with your attorney, the possible outcomes and whether or not a plea bargain may be an option.</p> <p>The pretrial conference is crucial and should be taken very seriously. It is important during this step to be as open and honest with your attorney as possible. The more information you can provide about the events surrounding the alleged incident the better. It is normal for defendants to be experiencing a wide range of emotions during this process, and talking out the details helps ensure your attorney has a clear and accurate understanding of your case.</p><p>Whether this is the first time you have been charged with a crime or you have been through the legal system before, having experienced legal representation that understands how Texas laws apply to your case is crucial to ensuring your rights are protected. Our webpage on <a href="/Criminal-Defense/Criminal-Defense.html">criminal defense</a> has more information.</p><p><b>Source:</b> Paoletti &amp; Gusmano, "<a href="/Criminal-Defense/The-Criminal-Defense-Process.html">Connecticut Criminal Defense System</a>" Sep. 15, 2014</p>