---
layout: post
title:  "Off-duty Connecticut fireman arrested for drug possession"
description: An altercation one evening in Hartford led to the arrest of three people, including an off-duty firefighter. Neighbors heard the dramatic scene being played out outside their homes, with the 26-year-old fireman allegedly yelling and making threats. That was when police arrived at the scene and arrested all three, including the fireman, who faces multiple offenses.
date:   2014-05-30
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [arrest, defense, drug-offenses, drug-possession, serious-consequences]
---

<p>An altercation one evening in Hartford led to the arrest of three people, including an off-duty firefighter. Neighbors heard the dramatic scene being played out outside their homes, with the 26-year-old fireman allegedly yelling and making threats. That was when police arrived at the scene and arrested all three, including the fireman, who faces multiple offenses.</p><p>The firefighter is now on administrative leave from his job at Ladder Six while police investigate the incident. He is also held on $20,000 bail and is facing charges for <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html" >drug possession</a>, making threats and disorderly conduct.</p> <p>Police arrived at a residence on the evening of May 22. They found three people -- the fireman, a 28-year-old man and a 41-year-old woman -- arguing outside. The fireman allegedly threatened to shoot the other two with a gun. Police reportedly found the man in possession of marijuana and a firearm.</p><p>The other two people were also arrested. They face charges for police interference and disorderly conduct.</p><p>Drug offenses can sometimes result in serious consequences. Although it appears as though the fireman will face simple drug possession charges for now, as the investigation progresses, it may yield other evidence. For instance, the three may have been arguing over a drug deal. Perhaps all three were involved in the manufacturing or distribution of the marijuana.</p><p>The fireman's punishment, if convicted, will depend on several factors, including his past criminal history. If he has been charged with drug possession in the past, he might face stiffer penalties this time around. He will need a solid defense to fight the charges and possibly hold onto his job.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>WFSB.com, "<a href="http://www.wfsb.com/story/25598123/firefighter-arrested-on-drug-charges" target="_blank">Hartford firefighter arrested on drug charges</a>" Rob Polansky, Matt Campbell and Joseph Wenzel IV, May. 23, 2014 </p>