---
layout: post
title:  "Connecticut police officer accused of stomping on suspect"
description: A police officer in Connecticut has been arrested and charged for allegedly stomping on a man's head after the man was already on the ground. The man had been shot with a taser before he was stomped on. The charges say that this alleged attack was a violation of that man's rights, and a video of the incident has now surfaced.
date:   2014-08-15
categories: [Criminal Defense] 
tags: [criminal-charge]
---


<p>A police officer in Connecticut has been arrested and charged for allegedly stomping on a man's head after the man was already on the ground. The man had been shot with a taser before he was stomped on. The charges say that this alleged attack was a violation of that man's rights, and a video of the incident has now surfaced.</p><p>The officer who was arrested was a part of the Bridgeport Police Department. He had been working with that department for more than a decade.</p> <p>The attack in question happened back in 2011, though the man has just now been indicted. If he ends up being convicted of the charges, he could be put in jail for as long as 10 years. On top of that, he could have to pay a fine of as much as $250,000.</p><p>Apparently, the whole incident began when two officers started chasing a suspect. They believed that he had a firearm. The suspect was in a van, but he jumped out of it and started running from the officers on foot. He ran into a park, and the officers used a taser to stop him.</p><p>However, while it appears in the video that both of those officers were kicking the downed man., the officer who was arrested did not even show up until he was already down. He drove up in his squad car, got out and stomped on the man.</p><p>Anyone who is facing <a href="/Criminal-Defense/Criminal-Defense.html">criminal charges</a>, no matter what they are accused of having done, has a right to a fair trial. This is a legal right extended to all who are accused of crimes, whether they are civilians or members of the police force.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>Huffington Post, "<a href="http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/08/09/clive-higgins-charged-cop-stomping-suspects-head_n_5662829.html" target="_blank">Clive Higgins, Cop, Charged For Allegedly Stomping On Suspect&#039;s Head (GRAPHIC VIDEO)</a>" Aug. 08, 2014 </p>