---
layout: post
title:  "Raid results in Connecticut's most serious drug penalty"
description: A drug raid at a rural Hartford area home on Friday, Jan. 10, has resulted in the seizure of cocaine, marijuana, heroin and cash, as reported by state police. Specifically, police report the seizure of 11 pounds of marijuana, 1 ounce of heroin, more than 1 pound of crack cocaine, some hashish and some hallucinogenic mushrooms. The crack cocaine seizure was believed to be the largest in Washington County history. The cash was reported to have amounted to more than $35,000 in cash. Two illegal guns were also confiscated.
date:   2014-01-21
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [arrest, defense, search warrant]
---


<p>A drug raid at a rural Hartford area home on Friday, Jan. 10, has resulted in the seizure of cocaine, marijuana, heroin and cash, as reported by state police. Specifically, police report the seizure of 11 pounds of marijuana, 1 ounce of heroin, more than 1 pound of crack cocaine, some hashish and some hallucinogenic mushrooms. The crack cocaine seizure was believed to be the largest in Washington County history. The cash was reported to have amounted to more than $35,000 in cash. Two illegal guns were also confiscated. </p><p>One of the individuals had been wanted for previous misdemeanor arrest warrants, including one for petit larceny. Prior to going to the home, state troopers secured a search warrant from the Queensbury Town Court. One of the individuals was previously arrested in Queensbury in 2011 for passing a counterfeit $100 bill at a McDonald's restaurant. She pleaded guilty to petit larceny. </p> <p>The two individuals were arrested at the scene, and they have both been charged with first-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance as well as third-degree possession and first-degree possession of marijuana. Weapons charges were also anticipated due. The first charge, first-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance, carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment. Both individuals are both being held at the Washington County Jail due to lack of bail. The Washington County sheriff's office, State Police Community Narcotics Enforcement Team and Greenwich Station state police were all involved in the investigation in this case. </p><p>When an individual is charged with a significant <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">drug offense</a> in Connecticut, the consequences of a conviction can be substantial. A dedicated criminal defense may seek to ascertain whether all details of the raid were conducted according to the law. When prior convictions are relatively minor or nonexistent, an attorney may point that out to prosecutors in potential plea negotiations. </p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>Post-Star, "<a href="http://poststar.com/news/local/police-make-massive-drug-seizure-in-hartford/article_05b839e4-79fc-11e3-9e41-0019bb2963f4.html" target="_blank" >State Police make massive drug seizure in Hartford</a>", Don Lehman, January 10, 2014</p>