---
layout: post
title:  "Drunk driving charge will require ignition interlock device"
description: Those driving under the influence in Connecticut may be facing increased penalties very soon. Instead of offering alcohol education programs for first-time offenders, ignition interlock devices will be installed instead.
date:   2014-05-14
categories: [Drunk Driving] 
tags: [DUI charge, accident, breath test, driving while intoxicated, ignition interlock device, legal limit, operating under the influence, penalties]
---

<p>Those driving under the influence in Connecticut may be facing increased penalties very soon. Instead of offering alcohol education programs for first-time offenders, ignition interlock devices will be installed instead.</p><p>The House of Representatives voted in favor of this new bill, which would prevent offenders from not only driving while intoxicated, but also prohibit them from driving anyone else's car. An ignition interlock device is attached to the car's dashboard and prohibits the engine from starting until the person blows into a tube and registers a blood alcohol content under the legal limit.</p> <p>Some people might try to get around this requirement by having a friend or someone else blow into the tube. However, the technology is so advanced that the devices know if the person blowing into the tube is the right person. Some devices take photos.</p><p><a href="/DUI-DWI/DUI-DWI.html">Drunk driving</a> is a serious situation that can result in not only accidents, but injury and death. Many states have ignition interlock device laws in place, but they typically don't come into play unless the person is a repeat offender. Others may only require a device if they were caught intoxicated with a child in the car or of their BAC was more than twice the legal limit.</p><p>Nobody wants to have their breath tested every time they want to start their vehicle, so it is hoped that once this law is passed, the number of DUI charges in the state will decrease. At the very least, it should make Connecticut motorists think twice before operating under the influence so they don't have to face the penalties.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>New Haven Register, "<a href="http://www.nhregister.com/government-and-politics/20140507/connecticut-expands-ignition-interlock-requirement-for-dui-offenders" target="_blank">Connecticut expands ignition interlock requirement for DUI offenders</a>" No author given, May. 07, 2014 </p>
