---
layout: post
title:  "2 teens charged with threatening schools in Connecticut"
description: On March 4, police officers arrested an 18-year-old Torrington woman on charges of attempted first-degree criminal assault and conspiracy to commit assault. The charges are related to alleged verbal threats of violence against Stratford and Danbury schools. Authorities said that they became aware of the alleged threats on March 3. None of the threats pertained to any schools in the Torrington area. According to Torrington school officials, a manifesto was discovered by police in the woman's home that outlined her plans. In addition, she was accused of attempting to purchase guns several days before the threats are alleged to have been made.
date:   2014-03-11
categories: [Violent Crimes] 
tags: [accusations, penalties]
---

<p>On March 4, police officers arrested an 18-year-old Torrington woman on charges of attempted first-degree criminal assault and conspiracy to commit assault. The charges are related to alleged verbal threats of violence against Stratford and Danbury schools. Authorities said that they became aware of the alleged threats on March 3. None of the threats pertained to any schools in the Torrington area. According to Torrington school officials, a manifesto was discovered by police in the woman's home that outlined her plans. In addition, she was accused of attempting to purchase guns several days before the threats are alleged to have been made. </p><p>On March 6, police announced that another person would be charged in relation to these accusations. He is a 19-year-old resident of Torrington. On March 6, he was being treated at a secure medical facility. Once he is released, he will be taken into custody and charged with first-degree conspiracy and criminal attempt to commit assault. </p> <p>The female teen's criminal record shows that she was taken into police custody before on suspicion of breach of peace, criminal trespass and simple trespass. On March 5, $300,000 bond was set during her appearance in Bantam Superior Court. In addition, the court forbade her from possessing any weapons or entering any school property. Her next court appearance was scheduled for March 28 in Litchfield Superior Court. </p><p>In this case, it is unknown whether an attorney is representing the woman. If convicted, she could be facing heavy penalties, including prison time. A criminal defense attorney could help in any case involving <a href="/Violent-Crimes/Violent-Crimes.html">violent crime</a> by constructing a viable defense aimed at dismissal or a reduced sentence, depending upon the evidence. </p><p><strong>Source:</strong> WFSB, "Additional arrest warrant obtained in school threats case," Joseph Wenzel IV, Rob Polansky, Matt Campbell and Matt McFarland, March 6, 2014 </p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>NBC Connecticut, "<a href="http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Second-Arrest-in-Threats-Against-Danbury-Stratford-Schools-248829611.html" target="_blank">Second Arrest in Threats Against Danbury, Stratford Schools</a>", March 06, 2014</p>