---
layout: post
title:  "14 Connecticut residents charged with drug violations"
description: Following a raid on a local apartment complex known for its drug and violent crime problems, several individuals in the Bridgeport area have found themselves behind bars and charged with several counts of drug-related felonies. The individuals were arrested following a lengthy investigation and subsequent raid by authorities from the FBI, Bridgeport Safe Streets Task Force, Bridgeport Police Department and the Connecticut State Police Statewide Narcotics Task Force. The gang of individuals all face various drug, firearm, and theft related charges and several of the individuals face up to life in prison if convicted on those charges.
date:   2014-01-08
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug-charges, arrest, defense, search-warrant]
---

<p>Following a raid on a local apartment complex known for its drug and violent crime problems, several individuals in the Bridgeport area have found themselves behind bars and charged with several counts of drug-related felonies. The individuals were arrested following a lengthy investigation and subsequent raid by authorities from the FBI, Bridgeport Safe Streets Task Force, Bridgeport Police Department and the Connecticut State Police Statewide Narcotics Task Force. The gang of individuals all face various drug, firearm, and theft related charges and several of the individuals face up to life in prison if convicted on those charges. </p><p>The investigation and raid occurred after the local police and the FBI were notified of numerous reports and complaints involving the criminal activity that seems to center around the apartment complex. After substantiating the need for a raid, the local police in conjunction with the FBI, obtained a search warrant and raided the apartment building focusing on one apartment that seems to be the epicenter of illegal activity. During the raid, officers said that they found cocaine and heroin, various drug paraphernalia, jewelry, and firearms that were later revealed to have been stolen and connected to a string of recent robberies. </p> <p>In all, the authorities took 14 individuals into custody. All are still awaiting trial. While it is unclear if any of the individuals have an attorney, the various <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">drug charges</a> are serious and could mean life in prison for several of the individuals.</p><P> However, even those individuals who face lesser charges would still be looking at a lifetime criminal record and a possibly lengthy prison sentence. However, a quality defense attorney would likely be able to help the individuals by ensuring the investigation and raid didn't violate constitutional rights, ensuring there were no issues such as entrapment or coercion. They may be able to help individuals obtain lesser charges and smaller prison sentences in trade for testimony or a guilty plea. </P> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>New Haven Register, "<a href="http://www.nhregister.com/general-news/20140103/new-haven-woman-among-14-charged-in-drug-trafficking" target="_blank">New Haven woman among 14 charged in drug trafficking</a>", January 03, 2014</p>