---
layout: post
title:  "Connecticut man facing drug and weapons charges"
description: An investigation into drug sales allegedly occurring in Hartford resulted in one man facing drug charges. The 50-year-old man is facing charges for possession of narcotics and other offenses.
date:   2014-03-06
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug charges, defense, drug manufacturing, drug possession, intent to distribute, possession of drug paraphernalia, search and seizure, search warrant, serious consequences, traffic stop]
---

<p>An investigation into drug sales allegedly occurring in Hartford resulted in one man facing drug charges. The 50-year-old man is facing charges for <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">possession</a> of narcotics and other offenses. </p><p>The investigation was part of a cooperative effort by the state police narcotics task force and the Hartford Police Department. Members of the team and Hartford police officers searched the man's apartment. According to the report, they found and seized heroine, a handgun, cocaine, three pellet guns and other ammunition. The man is now facing several charges for possession of drug paraphernalia, including possession of narcotics within 1,500 feet of a school zone. He is also facing charges related to the weapons that were found, including possession of a firearm with an obliterated serial number. He is scheduled to appear in court on Feb. 6. </p> <p>Individuals who are facing charges for drug possession, drug manufacturing or intent to distribute may be facing very serious consequences. If convicted, a person may receive significant jail or prison time, hefty penalties and probation. These consequences may affect the person for the rest of his or her life. </p><p>If a person is facing drug charges, he or she may decide to consult with a criminal defense lawyer. Such an attorney might be able to investigate the circumstances of the case to determine if the police violated the defendant's constitutional rights, such as by not acquiring a search warrant or by executing a search and seizure or traffic stop without having probable cause. A criminal defense attorney might be able to have evidence excluded if a constitutional violation has occurred. The defendant may also be able to receive reduced charges if they decide to accept a plea deal where they enter into a drug treatment program in lieu of jail time. </p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>The Courant, "<a href="http://articles.courant.com/2014-01-30/community/hc-hartford-drug-bust-0131-20140130_1_your-town-news-julius-street-task-force" target="_blank">Harford Man Arrested In Drug Investigation</a>", Hilda Muñoz, January 30, 2014</p>