---
layout: post
title:  "Alleged Connecticut assault results in charges"
description: A man has been charged with first-degree assault and tampering with evidence after allegedly stabbing his roommate at the University of New Haven. The 20-year-old is currently out on bail of $50,000 and is due to appear in court on Feb. 18 at the time of reporting.
date:   2014-01-15
categories: [Violent Crimes] 
tags: [penalties, prison sentence]
---


<p>A man has been charged with first-degree assault and tampering with evidence after allegedly stabbing his roommate at the University of New Haven. The 20-year-old is currently out on bail of $50,000 and is due to appear in court on Feb. 18 at the time of reporting. </p><p>The man was in his shared dorm room at Soundview Hall on Nov. 23, 2013, with his roommate who has not been named. The two men were reportedly inebriated when an altercation occurred, and the man allegedly stabbed his roommate in the chest. Police arrived at approximately 2 a.m. and the roommate was taken to a nearby ICU where it was determined that he had suffered multiple lacerations as well as a punctured right lung from the alleged attack. </p> <p>At the scene, police allegedly found and confiscated three knives. A third roommate was also located inside Soundview Hall, but the individual was outside of the dorm room where the altercation occurred. At the time of reporting, the man who was charged has not offered a plea, and a superior court judge has formally issued a no-contact order. </p><p>Connecticut <a href="/Violent-Crimes/Violent-Crimes.html">assault</a> charges cover a range of incidents. Charges for first-degree assault can result in significant fines, probation or a lengthy prison sentence. If the man facing those charges in this case attempts to dispute the charges, he may work with a criminal defense attorney. That attorney may be able to review the evidence surrounding the case and introduce mitigating factors for consideration in court. If a conviction seems imminent, the attorney may then suggest that the man attempt to negotiate a plea agreement that might result in reduced penalties.</p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>New Haven Register, "<a href="http://www.nhregister.com/general-news/20140108/case-continued-in-unh-stabbing" target="_blank">Case continued in UNH stabbing</a>", Phyllis Swebilius, January 08, 2014</p>