---
layout: post
title:  "Criminal defense against parole violation charges"
description: Unfortunately, the criminal defense of individuals accused of crimes in Connecticut does not always end with the conclusion of their criminal case. If a criminal conviction results in jail time and a subsequent parole sentence, for example, the accused person might inadvertently violate his or her parole or be accused of violating parole. In such cases, the person will then need to defend against the parole violation charge.
date:  2014-12-11 
categories: [Criminal Defense] 
tags: [Criminal-defense, allegations, criminal-conviction, defense]
---


<p>Unfortunately, the criminal defense of individuals accused of crimes in Connecticut does not always end with the conclusion of their criminal case. If a criminal conviction results in jail time and a subsequent parole sentence, for example, the accused person might inadvertently violate his or her parole or be accused of violating parole. In such cases, the person will then need to defend against the parole violation charge.</p><p>Allegations relating to a parole violation are typically decided based on evidence that is submitted to the court. In other words, the case does not have to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt as in most criminal cases. For this reason, it is vital that those accused of parole violations have a qualified criminal defense attorney to represent them.</p> <p>Being accused of a parole violation can happen to anyone -- even someone who has successfully fulfilled all the requirements of his or her parole. Such an accusation can even happen on the very last day of your parole and a conviction on parole violation charges could result in actual jail time and other punishments.</p><p>Potential punishments relating to a parole violation could include being placed in intensive supervision, home confinement or imprisonment. It could also result in a verbal warning, heightened supervision and/or fines. Parole violators viewed as a public threat will likely be sent to prison.</p><p>Due to the potential for consequences, Alabama residents accused of <a href="/Criminal-Defense/Criminal-Defense.html" >parole violations</a> may want to reach out to a criminal defense lawyer for help. Paoletti & Gusmano Attorneys at Law has experienced criminal defense lawyers on staff who will review your charges and the circumstances of your charges in order to best advise you regarding your case, reduce the likelihood and/or severity of punishment and do everything they can to legally protect your rights.</p>