---
layout: post
title:  "Connecticut man faces drug charges after traffic stop"
description: A traffic stop at 2:50 a.m. on Feb. 28 lead to the discovery of a large stash of drugs. Police stopped a vehicle being driven by a 26-year-old man who was allegedly attempting to hide narcotics. When the police searched the vehicle, they found amounts of heroin, cocaine and marijuana. Authorities discovered $650 in cash found inside the car as well. Reports suggest that the confiscated materials might have been discovered during a traffic stop.
date:   2014-03-03
categories: [Drug charges] 
tags: [Drug charges, serious consequences, traffic stop]
---

<p>A traffic stop at 2:50 a.m. on Feb. 28 lead to the discovery of a large stash of drugs. Police stopped a vehicle being driven by a 26-year-old man who was allegedly attempting to hide narcotics. When the police searched the vehicle, they found amounts of heroin, cocaine and marijuana. Authorities discovered $650 in cash found inside the car as well. Reports suggest that the confiscated materials might have been discovered during a traffic stop.</p><p>Sources say that the man has a history of criminal activity. According to investigators, the man was on probation at the time of the stop for a previous conviction on a narcotics charge. In November 2013, the man was taken into custody and charged in a home invasion case before being released on $100,000 bond.</p> <p>As a result of the traffic stop, the man was taken into custody and faces several charges. Charges included were possession as well as possession with the intent to sell regarding both the crack cocaine and the heroin. He was also charged with interfering with a police investigation. The man was scheduled to see a judge regarding the charges later in the morning the same day.</p><p>Serious consequences, which might include jail time and fines, may await those who are facing <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">drug charges</a> if they are convicted. Working with a criminal law attorney who has experience in cases involving drug charges may help a defendant have his or her charges lowered or dismissed. In cases where a conviction seems likely, that attorney might negotiate a plea bargain with the prosecution, which may reduce the potential penalties that the defendant faces.</p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>WFSB, "<a href="http://www.wfsb.com/story/24850304/suspicious-vehicle-stop-yields-drug-arrest-in-norwich" target="_blank">Suspicious vehicle stop yields drug arrest in Norwich</a>", Rob Polansky, February 28, 2014</p>