---
layout: post
title:  "Connecticut student faces 14 charges for $30,000 in seized drugs"
description: A student at the University of Connecticut was taken into custody for multiple drug charges after authorities allegedly found at least $30,000 worth of drugs in his dorm room on Feb. 1. According to police, a search of the 22-year-old student's room at Grange Hall on the Storrs campus resulted in a discovery of several types of illegal drugs.
date:   2014-03-13
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug-charges, arrest, defense, search-warrant]
---

<p>A student at the University of Connecticut was taken into custody for multiple drug charges after authorities allegedly found at least $30,000 worth of drugs in his dorm room on Feb. 1. According to police, a search of the 22-year-old student's room at Grange Hall on the Storrs campus resulted in a discovery of several types of illegal drugs. </p><p>Reports indicate that as part of a months-long investigation into the trafficking of narcotics on campus, the university officers obtained a search warrant. In the student's dorm room, university authorities claim to have uncovered significant amounts of crystal meth, PCP, heroin and psilocybin mushrooms as well as nearly 75 grams of marijuana, 488 individual doses of LSD and almost 1,800 individual doses of ecstasy. In addition to the drugs, the police also allegedly found about $4,700 in cash and several narcotic packaging items. </p> <p>Police filed 14 <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">drug charges</a> against the student, including running a drug factory. He was held in custody until Feb. 3 when he appeared in a Superior Court for an arraignment. The judge set his bail at $250,000, and he is scheduled to appear in court again on Feb. 21. </p><p>When the student appears in court, his defense lawyer may ask that the prosecutors present the drugs for which the student is being charged. Because seized drugs are often transferred many times before being put in an evidence locker, they sometimes turn up missing. If this happens, the judge may dismiss or reduce the drug charges due to a lack of evidence. </p><p><strong>Source:</strong> WWLP-22News, "UConn student arrested in drug raid" Kim Kern, Feb. 4, 2014 </p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>The Courant, "<a href="http://articles.courant.com/2014-02-03/community/hc-uconn-drug-arraignement-0204-20140203_1_uconn-police-search-warrant-dorm-room" target="_blank">UConn Student Appears In Court On Drug Charges</a>", February 03, 2014</p>