---
layout: post
title:  "3 men face drug charges after robbing Connecticut warehouse"
description: Connecticut saw the largest theft in its history when a group of men stole prescription drugs worth a whopping $80 million from a warehouse in 2010. Two men were previously arrested in connection with the theft. Now three others are facing drug charges for their alleged role.
date:   2014-05-01
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug-charges, arrest, defense, drug-possession, prescription-drugs, reduce-charges, serious-consequences]
---

<p>Connecticut saw the largest theft in its history when a group of men stole prescription drugs worth a whopping $80 million from a warehouse in 2010. Two men were previously arrested in connection with the theft. Now three others are facing <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">drug charges </a>for their alleged role.</p><p>The men face multiple charges, including conspiracy, theft and transporting stolen goods from one state to another. Altogether, each man could face up to 25 years in prison. One man has already been released on bail, while the other two are still detained.</p> <p>The men allegedly conspired to steal the drugs from the Eli Lilly warehouse in early 2010. They reportedly traveled to Connecticut together to stake out the warehouse and get information for the heist. The men came from Florida. Two of the men allegedly went to New York to buy tools to carry out the theft.</p><p>The heist occurred on March 13, 2010. According to reports, one of the men arrived at the warehouse in a semi-truck. Two others reportedly used a ladder to get on the roof, cut a hole, drop down and turn off the alarm. The men loaded up the truck and drove off to Florida, where they unloaded the prescription drugs into a warehouse. In all, the men allegedly stole 49 pallets of drugs.</p><p>It is unknown if the men will face drug possession or trafficking charges as well. It looks the men will already face many charges. Offenses of this nature will result in serious consequences. The men will need a solid defense in order to reduce charges. The men may be convicted unless a strong defense can be successfully presented.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>KOMONews.com, "<a href="http://www.komonews.com/news/national/3-more-charged-in-80M-drug-heist-in-Connecticut-256277281.html" target="_blank">3 more charged in $80M drug heist in Connecticut</a>" John Christoffersen, Apr. 22, 2014 </p>