---
layout: post
title:  "Man facing DUI after picking up son from police"
description: A Connecticut man has been charged with drunk driving after he allegedly exhibited signs of intoxication when he went to pick up his son. According to reports, the Oxford man's 15-year-old son had been detained at the Naugatuck State Forest by officers after he allegedly had been caught riding a motor scooter illegally. The teen's three friends were also detained, according to the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.
date:   2014-08-01
categories: [Drunk Driving] 
tags: [field sobriety test]
---


<p>A Connecticut man has been charged with drunk driving after he allegedly exhibited signs of intoxication when he went to pick up his son. According to reports, the Oxford man's 15-year-old son had been detained at the Naugatuck State Forest by officers after he allegedly had been caught riding a motor scooter illegally. The teen's three friends were also detained, according to the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.</p><p>Officers had initially come to the scene after reports of people swimming in the reservoir. One of the 15-year-old's friends was apparently among the swimmers. Officers issued the teen a warning. Authorities say that the four teenagers were riding the gas-powered vehicles on town roads and in the forest on July 16. Connecticut state law requires that motor scooter riders must be 16 years of age or older and have the proper licenses.</p> <p>Officers with DEEP reportedly called the 39-year-old man to come and pick up his son. However, when he arrived, officers believed he had been drinking and gave him a field sobriety test. Police claim the man failed both the field sobriety test and a subsequent Breathalyzer test. He was arrested and charged with <a href="/DUI-DWI/DUI-DWI.html">driving under the influence</a> and was released after posting a $500 bond. The next court date was scheduled for July 25.</p><p>Driving while drinking is never a good idea, even when there are extenuating circumstances. However, everyone has lapses in judgment. To move forward from these types of events, it is important that defendants understand how alternative defense options, such as a plea bargain or challenging the results of a field sobriety test, may be applicable in certain cases.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>NBC Connecticut, "<a href="http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Dad-Charged-With-Drunk-Driving-After-Picking-Up-Son-Who-Drove-Motor-Scooter-Illegally-DEEP-267537321.html" target="_blank">Dad Charged With DUI While Picking Up Son Who Drove Scooter Illegally: DEEP</a>" Ari Mason, Jul. 17, 2014 </p> 