---
layout: post
title:  "EPSN analyst pleads no contest to breach of peace charges"
description: Hugh Lamont Douglas, formerly an analyst for EPSN and a National Football League player, entered a plea of no contest to a reduced charge following what he said was a "minor argument" in September 2013 in Connecticut. Douglas reportedly had a verbal fight with his then-girlfriend before grabbing her by the neck and slamming her head into walls as he took her back to their hotel room. He was initially charged with second-degree strangulation as well as third-degree assault. A judge gave the 42-year-old six months of conditional discharge following his plea and ordered him to go to counseling after the alleged domestic violence incident.
date:   2014-03-19
categories: [Domestic Violence] 
tags: [penalties]
---

<p>Hugh Lamont Douglas, formerly an analyst for EPSN and a National Football League player, entered a plea of no contest to a reduced charge following what he said was a "minor argument" in September 2013 in Connecticut. Douglas reportedly had a verbal fight with his then-girlfriend before grabbing her by the neck and slamming her head into walls as he took her back to their hotel room. He was initially charged with second-degree strangulation as well as third-degree assault. A judge gave the 42-year-old six months of conditional discharge following his plea and ordered him to go to counseling after the alleged <a href="/Domestic-Violence/">domestic violence</a> incident.</p><p>His former girlfriend said that she was disappointed in the outcome, having wanted Douglas charged and convicted of assault. At the time, she had said that she had not wanted the police involved and that she had a "little fight" with Douglas. A clerk had phoned the police after he saw bruises on her neck. The incident occurred on Sept. 22 at around 2:50 a.m.</p> <p>After speaking with police, the victim had gone to the hospital where she spoke more about what happened, revealing that after engaging in an argument with Douglas she had left the room. According to her account, he caught up with her at the elevator. She said she passed out from lack of oxygen and woke up in bed before running away. The prosecutor stated that her case was not a good one for trial because the woman had been drinking the night of the incident. </p><p>A plea of no contest is neither an admittance of guilt nor a statement of innocence. In some cases, an attorney may suggest such a plea as part of an agreement for lessened penalties. Individuals facing similar charges may be able to reach a similar deal to Douglas with the help of an attorney.</p> <p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>FOX CT, "<a href="http://foxct.com/2014/02/12/former-nfl-player-found-guilty-of-breach-of-peace/" target="_blank" >Former NFL Player Found Guilty Of Breach Of Peace </a>", Christine Dempsey, February 12, 2014</p>