---
layout: post
title:  "Paul Simon and Edie Brickell charged with domestic violence"
description: Many music fans may have been shocked to hear that seemingly happily married couple Paul Simon and Edie Brickell had an argument that led to their arrests. Police went to the Connecticut home of the two singers on the evening of April 27, resulting in charges of domestic violence.
date:   2014-05-07
categories: [Domestic Violence] 
tags: [arrest, damaged-reputation, defense, domestic-violence-charges, penalties, serious-consequences]
---

<p>Many music fans may have been shocked to hear that seemingly happily married couple Paul Simon and Edie Brickell had an argument that led to their arrests. Police went to the Connecticut home of the two singers on the evening of April 27, resulting in charges of <a href="/Domestic-Violence/Domestic-Violence.html">domestic violence</a>.</p><p>Brickell, age 47, allegedly started a shoving match after Simon, age 72, hurt her feelings. While this may seem like an immature and childish reason to pick a fight, the two have since patched things up. Neither appears to have been injured, and neither are asking for a restraining order.</p> <p>What is shocking to many people is that the couple has had no history of violence in their 20-year marriage, but they were still arrested. This is because new laws are in place to ensure that domestic violence cases are treated seriously. In the past, couples were separated for a few hours and then allowed to return home, which often allowed the violence to continue. This unfortunately led to fatalities, so now police in Connecticut and other states make arrests if they come to a home and there has been some sort of violence taking place.</p><p>Domestic violence can often come with serious consequences, especially if there is a pattern of abuse. Will this recent scuffle lead to a damaged reputation for Brickell or Simon, or will fans simply laugh it off as one as life's crazy moments? However, the two will still need to appear in court to answer the domestic violence charges. A solid defense may be needed by both defendants in order to avoid the penalties arising from a conviction.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>TIME, "<a href="http://time.com/81019/what-paul-simon-and-edie-brickells-arrest-means-for-other-couples/" target="_blank">What Paul Simon and Edie Brickell&rsquo;s Arrest Means for Other Couples</a>" Belinda Luscombe, May. 01, 2014 </p>