---
layout: post
title:  "Connecticut prosecutors drop charges in domestic dispute"
description: Accusations of disorderly conduct against singer/songwriter Paul Simon and his wife, singer Edie Brickell, have reportedly been dropped after the two did not appear in court. On June 17, prosecutors reportedly told the judge that they would not be pursuing the case. According to reports, the charges stemmed from an alleged domestic violence incident that occurred in the couple's Connecticut home on April 26.
date:   2014-06-20
categories: [Domestic Violence] 
tags: [accusations-of-bodily-injury]
---

<p>Accusations of disorderly conduct against singer/songwriter Paul Simon and his wife, singer Edie Brickell, have reportedly been dropped after the two did not appear in court. On June 17, prosecutors reportedly told the judge that they would not be pursuing the case. According to reports, the charges stemmed from an alleged <a href="/Domestic-Violence/Domestic-Violence.html">domestic violence</a> incident that occurred in the couple's Connecticut home on April 26.</p><p>Police claim that Simon's 48-year-old wife told them she confronted the 72-year-old singer about a marital issue. She reportedly did not give provide any details regarding the issue, but she claimed that Simon shoved her and that she responded by slapping him. According to the police report, Brickell, who authorities believe may have been drinking, had a bruise on her wrist. Simon reportedly got a minor cut on his ear during the alleged incident.</p> <p>The couple has been married since 1992. They have three children. After the fight, Simon told the court they had had a fight, but that they were "fine together" and that the incident was "very atypical." Simon's wife also reportedly indicated that she was not afraid of Simon.</p><p>The prosecutors will be dropping the charges, and the accusations will be erased from the records in 13 months. The two seem to have largely moved on from the incident, but this case shows how courts can become involved even when neither party involved is pressing charges.</p><p>Accusations of bodily injury or domestic violence can cause serious damage to a person's reputation even if the charges end up being dropped. It is important for defendants to understand their options as they navigate through the court process.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>The Journal News, "<a href="http://www.lohud.com/story/news/crime/2014/06/17/paul-simon-edie-brickell-court/10655301/" target="_blank">Paul Simon, Edie Brickell charges dropped</a>" No author given, Jun. 17, 2014 </p>