---
layout: post
title:  "Connecticut man accused of murder after allegeldy shooting wife"
description: A Connecticut man is facing murder charges after allegedly shooting his estranged wife and mother-in-law. His wife had filed a restraining order against him after an altercation in April that left her fearful. She had taken off with their twin toddlers, and they were due in court the day after the shooting took place
date:   2014-05-23
categories: [Violent Crimes] 
tags: [Murder charges, criminal conviction, prison sentence]
---

<p>A Connecticut man is facing murder charges after allegedly shooting his estranged wife and mother-in-law. His wife had filed a restraining order against him after an altercation in April that left her fearful. She had taken off with their twin toddlers, and they were due in court the day after the shooting took place.</p><p>The 46-year-old man had allegedly broken into his wife's home in Oxford on the morning of May 7. Police officers received several phone calls alerting them of the break-in. When they arrived, they found the two women with multiple gunshot wounds.</p> <p>Both were taken to a local hospital for medical treatment. The 64-year-old mother-in-law is still hospitalized in stable condition, but the 32-year-old estranged wife died a little over an hour after the shooting occurred.</p><p>A neighbor witnessed the man driving away from the home. Police found the man later that morning. He was found inside a car on Route 8, 45 minutes away. He was alone and allegedly trying to commit suicide, as he had a hose inside the tailpipe of the car.</p><p>The man is currently in stable condition at Charlotte Hungerford Hospital. When questioned by police, he reportedly said that he had no recollection of the <a href="/Violent-Crimes/Violent-Crimes.html" >murder</a>. He is currently in jail with bail set at $2 million. He is set to appear in court on June 3 to face charges of attempted murder, murder, vehicle theft, reckless endangerment, assault and risk of injury. He is not allowed any contact with his twin children.</p><p>The man will need to present a strong defense against these charges. A criminal conviction could mean a prison sentence of many years. However, he may be able to use mental illness as mitigating factor for the murder, considering that he did try to kill himself.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>NBC Connecticut, "<a href="http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Two-Injured-in-Oxford-Shooting--258262651.html" target="_blank">Man Accused of Killing Wife Cannot Contact His Children</a>" No author given, May. 13, 2014 </p>

