---
layout: post
title:  "Man faces manslaughter charge after deadly assault of his wife"
description: Most people would never think of killing their own spouses, but after allegedly getting tired of caring for his wife, a Connecticut man allegedly did just that. He reportedly pushed his wife, causing her to strike her head and then hit her repeatedly. The assault killed the woman. The man is now facing a manslaughter charge.
date:   2014-06-05
categories: [Violent Crimes] 
tags: [penalties]
---

<p>Most people would never think of killing their own spouses, but after allegedly getting tired of caring for his wife, a Connecticut man allegedly did just that. He reportedly pushed his wife, causing her to strike her head and then hit her repeatedly. The <a href="/Violent-Crimes/Violent-Crimes.html" >assault</a> killed the woman. The man is now facing a manslaughter charge.</p><p>From what the 49-year-old man told police, his 45-year-old wife had been bedridden for the last four years due to liver disease, and he was tired of caring for her. His duties included not only household chores, but changing her diapers. He was drinking and having a good time on May 20 when his wife soiled her diaper, and he allegedly snapped and attacked her.</p> <p>The man reportedly pushed his wife into a bathtub, which caused her to hit her head. He then allegedly punched her in the face and elbowed her in the chest. The woman suffered broken ribs and head trauma from the attack.</p><p>The man then allegedly put the woman inside a waterbed mattress and taped it up. He reportedly kept his wife's body next to him in bed for at least two days. He finally informed a neighbor that he had killed his wife.</p><p>The man is currently in jail on $175,000 bail. He is being watched closely after he attempted suicide to be with his wife.</p><p>This is a sad situation that may have been caused by stress and alcohol. It can be hard for some men to be caregivers to their wives. It didn't help that he had reportedly had too much to drink when he allegedly assaulted his wife. There may be several defense strategies that may be used in this case in hopes of mitigating the possible penalties.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>New York Daily News, "<a href="http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/connecticut-man-tired-changing-diapers-kills-sick-wife-police-article-1.1807541" target="_blank">Connecticut man &lsquo;tired of changing diapers&rsquo; kills bedridden wife: police</a>" Sasha Goldstein, May. 27, 2014 </p>