---
layout: post
title:  "Two arrested on drug charges at Connecticut motel"
description: Two Connecticut residents are facing drug charges after police arrested them at a motel in Manchester. According to reports, police had the Studio 6 Motel under surveillance when they were told that a man and prostitute were reportedly meeting in one of the hotel's rooms. Officers say they watched as the 44-year-old man knocked on the door of the room and threw what they later identified as heroin into a garbage can.
date: 2014-08-08
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug-charges, arrest, defense, drug-possession, search-and-seizure]
---


<p>Two Connecticut residents are facing drug charges after police arrested them at a motel in Manchester. According to reports, police had the Studio 6 Motel under surveillance when they were told that a man and prostitute were reportedly meeting in one of the hotel's rooms. Officers say they watched as the 44-year-old man knocked on the door of the room and threw what they later identified as heroin into a garbage can.</p><p>Police reported that they then approached the 44-year-old's car, where a 30-year-old woman was sitting in the driver's seat. The woman was allegedly rolling a marijuana blunt when officers approached. Police searched the car and reported finding nine grams of marijuana with an approximate value of $100, 16 grams of cocaine worth a reported $600, $500 worth of heroin divided into 96 packets, multiple cellphones and cash in excess of $1,000.</p> <p>The two were arrested, and both are facing charges of <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html">possession</a> of drugs in a school zone, possession with intent to sell and possession of heroin, cocaine and marijuana. Bond was set at $100,000 for each of them.</p><p>In any situation where there are allegations of drug possession, the search and seizure procedure is of great interest to the defense. If officers do not follow the proper protocols or have probable cause for the search, it may be possible in some cases to have the evidence ruled inadmissible in court. For defendants wanting to learn more about the charges against them and their options, talking with someone experienced with the way that drug cases are processed through the courts can be a first step.</p><p> <b>Source:&nbsp;</b>WVIT, "<a href="http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Cops-Sniff-Out-Drugs-During-Prostitution-Bust-at-Manchester-Motel-269140331.html" target="_blank">Police Make Drug Bust at Manchester Motel</a>" Jul. 29, 2014 </p>