---
layout: post
title:  "Could overdose kits help stop heroin deaths in Connecticut?"
description: Every year, numerous people die from heroin overdoses in the United States and Connecticut. The traditional approach of increasing punishments associated with heroin crimes is the way lawmakers tend to combat the problem. However, lawmakers in one southeast state are trying a new strategy.
date:  2015-01-08 
categories: [Drug Charges] 
tags: [Drug-charges, defense]
---


<p>Every year, numerous people die from heroin overdoses in the United States and Connecticut. The traditional approach of increasing punishments associated with heroin crimes is the way lawmakers tend to combat the problem. However, lawmakers in one southeast state are trying a new strategy.</p><p>The strategy involves passing out heroin overdose antidote kits to individuals who have been hospitalized as a result of taking the drug. The heroin overdose kits contain a substance called naloxone, which can save your life if you have taken a fatal dose of the drug.</p> <p>According to the attorney general from the state, the special project will help them get this vital medicine to the individuals who need its life-saving benefits the most. One man, whose 30-year-old son lost his life to a heroin overdose, said that punishments need to be increased for heroin traffickers, but rather than punishing the users of the drug, states need to provide drug rehab services as well. If you or a loved one has ever suffered from a heroin addiction, you are probably very familiar with these issues.</p><p>In the world of chemical substance abuse, heroin and its effects are perhaps the most dangerous. It is extremely addictive, and it can kill someone in an instant. It can also land those who use, possess, sell and traffic the substance in prison for many years. For this reason, if you or a loved one has been accused of heroin-related drug charges, you may wish to speak with a criminal defense attorney. An experienced defense attorney can inform you of your legal rights and the best next steps to take with regard to your <a href="/Drug-Charges/Drug-Charges.html" >narcotics crimes</a> case.</p><p><b>Source:</b> ctpost.com, "<a href="http://www.ctpost.com/news/crime/article/Conway-to-announce-funding-to-combat-heroin-5996142.php" target="_blank">Conway to announce funding to combat heroin</a>" Bruce Schreiner, Jan. 06, 2015</p>