---
layout: post
title:  "Criminal defense in Connecticut"
description: Even innocent people can get in trouble with the law and get accused of a criminal act. This is why our legal system puts the burden of proof on the prosecution during a criminal case. Indeed, if the prosecution cannot prove that the accused person is guilty of his or her criminal charges beyond a reasonable doubt, then the person will not be found guilty or punished for the alleged crime.
date:  2015-01-23 
categories: [Criminal Defense] 
tags: [Criminal-defense, criminal-charge, defense]
---


 <p>Even innocent people can get in trouble with the law and get accused of a criminal act. This is why our legal system puts the burden of proof on the prosecution during a criminal case. Indeed, if the prosecution cannot prove that the accused person is guilty of his or her criminal charges <a href="/Criminal-Defense/" >beyond a reasonable doubt</a>, then the person will not be found guilty or punished for the alleged crime.</p><p>At Paoletti & Gusmano, we are ready to help you in your criminal defense. All of our services are client-centered and uniquely tailored to the unique needs of your situation. We understand that everyone makes mistakes, and actions do not always reflect one's highest ideals. We also understand that innocent people are often charged with crimes inappropriately. Regardless of your situation, we will analyze the evidence and facts that the prosecution is bringing against you in order to limit any negative repercussions of your criminal charges as much as possible.</p> <p>We have extensive experience representing Connecticut residents in all manner of criminal accusations. Some of the most common criminal charges that we help people defend against include DUI and DWI charges. In these cases, we might be able to challenge and get Breathalyzer, field sobriety, blood and urine test results thrown out so they cannot be used as evidence against you. Other charges we defend against include domestic violence, drug crimes, traffic violations, sex crimes, violent crimes and parole violations.</p><p>What kind of crime have you been charged with? Most criminal defense attorneys will patiently listen to your story in a free initial consultation and give you their honest opinion about what your legal rights and options are. Connecticut residents should remember that when they contact a defense attorney, it is important that they ask how much their services will likely cost and whether the attorney has experience in their specific type of case. It is also important that they feel comfortable with and have a good feeling of rapport with any attorney they choose to hire.</p>